Last login: Thu Oct  6 23:50:17 on ttys000
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP ~ % cd desktop
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP desktop % cd LearnToCode
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP LearnToCode % 
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP LearnToCode % ls
Git-Exercises	VirtualWorld	Workbook1
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP LearnToCode % cd VirtualWorld
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP VirtualWorld % ls
Animals	Foods	Parks
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP VirtualWorld % cd Parks
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % ls
Califiornia	Florida		Iowa		Texas
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % mkdir Ohio
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP VirtualWorld % cd Parls
cd: no such file or directory: Parls
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP VirtualWorld % cd Parks
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % ls
Califiornia	Florida		Iowa		Ohio		Texas
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP VirtualWorld % cd Foods
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Foods % cd Mexican
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Mexican % touch Enchilada.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Mexican % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Foods % cd Mexican
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Mexican % ls
Burrito.txt		Enchilada.txt		Taco.txt
Chile Rellano.txt	Guacamole and Chips.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Mexican % cd .
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Mexican % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Foods % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP VirtualWorld % cd Parks
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % ls
Califiornia	Florida		Iowa		Ohio		Texas
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % mkdir NewYork
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % cd NewYork
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP NewYork % touch BatteryPark.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP NewYork % touch CityHall.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP NewYork % touch DuanePark.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP NewYork % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % cd NewYork
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP NewYork % ls
BatteryPark.txt	CityHall.txt	DuanePark.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP NewYork % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP VirtualWorld % cd Animals
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Animals % cd Pets
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Pets % ls
Cat.txt		Dog.txt		Parrot.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Pets % touch Iguana.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Pets % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Animals % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP VirtualWorld % cd Parks 
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % mkdir Iowa
mkdir: Iowa: File exists
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP VirtualWorld % cd Parks
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % ls
Califiornia	Iowa		Ohio
Florida		NewYork		Texas
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % cd Iowa
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % touch Stonepark.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % touch ClearLakePark.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % touch WalnutPark.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % cd Iowa
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % ls
ClearLakePark.txt	Stonepark.txt		WalnutPark.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % pwd
/Users/anjalibhomia/desktop/LearnToCode/VirtualWorld/Parks/Iowa
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % cd Ohio
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Ohio % ls    
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Ohio % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % cd Iowa
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % ls
ClearLakePark.txt	Stonepark.txt		WalnutPark.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % rm -r git all .
rm: "." and ".." may not be removed
rm: git: No such file or directory
rm: all: No such file or directory
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % pwd
/Users/anjalibhomia/desktop/LearnToCode/VirtualWorld/Parks/Iowa
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % rm ClearLakePark.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % rm Walnutpark.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % rm StonePark.txt
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % cd ..
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Parks % cd Iowa
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % ls
anjalibhomia@Anjalis-MBP Iowa % 
